hey guys I recently picked up the
mineralized squad from Mac and a harvest
of greens and I am so in love with it so
I thought I would do a tutorial so I
went ahead and primed my lids with soft
ochre which is just neutral yellow base
and I'm taking that nice brown shade and
putting that in my crease I really like
this shade because it has just enough
amount of taupe in the brown so it gives
you some really nice depth in the crease
of your eye
once I blended the taupey brown into the
crease I'm going to take a flat shader
brush and take that green color and I'm
going to take this all over the lid
without going above the crease if you
notice I'm patting and then very lightly
rubbing this back and forth so I get a
consistent amount of color then I'm
taking that same blending brush with no
additional product and I'm just going to
blend out those fine edges so now I'm
taking a small shader brush that's
pretty densely packed and I'm taking
that green shade again and I'm taking
this in the lower lash line just for
some pop of color I'm then taking that
shader brush and kind of winging it out
to give myself a nice little guideline
for where I'm going to put my winged
liner and just so I have that really
nice elongated kind of cat eye with your
eye shadow effect I'm also just kind of
patting it in just to make it blend a
little bit more easily I'm then going in
with the darkest shade on the palette
which is kind of like a maroon e purple
it's really pretty and I'm just taking
that and I'm putting this in the outer V
I'm initially patting and then kind of
sweeping it around just so I can get the
most color in the outermost part of my
eye then I'm taking that same blending
brush again and I'm blending out all any
harsh lines with the other side of that
flat shader brush that we used on the
lid I'm taking the lightest color and
I'm gonna pop that in the inner corner
just to open up my eyes a bit I'm then
taking my favorite eye liner by
Maybelline in blackest black and I am
lining the upper lash line with an
elongated cat eye
I then added a small amount of mascara
and I'm just going to pop on some demi
wispies just to have more drama to the
eyes
for a newt highlight I'm taking mac
prolongwear blush and stand by me and
I'm taking that underneath the brow bone
and just down the cheeks a little bit to
add a bit of color to the base
I'm then taking my limited-edition
mineralize skinfinish and perfect
topping I love this highlighter it is so
beautiful and there's just so many
different shades but it just gives such
a beautiful pearly look on the cheeks
and I'm taking that and popping that on
the tops of my cheekbones again down my
face a little bit on the top of the
bridge of my nose and on my chin I then
I'm going to take a large stippling
brush and I'm going to contour the
hollows of my face so I'm lightly taking
this down the cheekbone I'm going to
take this underneath the jaw line
underneath my lip a little bit down my
nose and at the tops of my forehead just
for some added definition and just
bronze up my face a bit
on the same stippling brush I'm taking a
bouncy blush by Maybelline called coffee
cake which is kind of a bronzey orangish
color and I am applying this to my
cheekbones and to the apples of my
cheeks I would actually suggest using
this product with your finger I feel
like it gives you much more color payoff
and it just looks a little bit better
than using a brush so then I have this
Mac studio
matte lip cream matte lip cream yeah
that's a nude and it's kind of got a
pink hue to it but any nude or pink will
do I just like these because they're
super easy to apply and they stay on for
a really long time but over top of that
I'm gonna take a berry lip gloss and I'm
just gonna deepen up that pink a little
bit more for some added color but still
keeping this pretty neutral because I
definitely want the eyes to be the
statement of this space
now that my eyelash glue has completely
dried I'm now just taking some that gel
liner and just lining that band just so
it's a little bit more seamless and you
don't see the band to top this off I'm
using my Urban Decay dis slick and
setting my makeup I hope you guys
enjoyed this tutorial see you soon